The code is an incomplete solution to the problem as it has no functioning parts. The ADC/DAC code and the PWM does not function as the functions are incomplete. There is no control function as the incomplete code makes it impossible to implement properly. There was a struggle to find the information to convert information via Steinhart Hart equation as the programmer failed to find the coefficients for the function. The programmer looked at the datasheets for the MSP430F5529LP but failed to realize that the information could be found on the thermistor datasheet until the day after the demo day. The ADC is simply the sample code taken from the TI Resource Explorer. The UART code was also taken from the sample code in the TI Resource Explorer. Despite spending hours looking at datasheets and the userguide, the programmer still could not figure out how to work out the milestone since questions were not asked and procrastination led to putting off the project until the week of the demo despite having extra time over the Thanksgiving break. The programmer did not know where to connect the UART transmitter and receiver.

For the circuitry of the milestone, 12 V DC source was used for the 5 V voltage regulator and the 4 wire fan. A thermistor was used in a voltage divider where the 5529's 3.3 V pin is connected to a 10k Ohm resistor connected in series to a 10k Ohm thermistor. The initial circuit involved a 2 wire fan but research led to unsuccessful results of how to properly implement the fan. With an incomplete solution, no appnote was written since no parts of the solution worked.
